---
title: "303"
date: 2021-07-04
category: "Life"
pullquote: "Having a house that we can call our own has been a childhood dream of mine."
---

It rained heavily in Ichalkaranji that day. Water was seeping into our house, including my room, because it was so heavy. That was not a concern of mine. I was concerned that the water would seep into our new house, which we had not yet moved into. In my panic, I asked a friend about the rain intensity in the area where our new house was located (it's not stupid to do so - it can rain differently in different parts of the same town). But, to my disappointment, it was also raining heavily in that part of town. I worried about it for a long time, and it made me realise how important the house is to me.

For most of us, 2020 was a year of lows. But it was a memorable experience for me and my family. After a lot of thought and waiting, we finally got our first house in October of last year. When the rest of the world was cooped up in their homes with nothing to look forward to, the house was something we could all be excited about. It also kept us occupied with all of the interiors work that needed to be completed in order to get it in the shape I desired. The screenshots of house decors in my phone's gallery attest to how involved I became in it. This was the only thing that kept me sane during a rather crazy year.

Having a house that we can call our own has been a childhood dream of mine. As cliched as it may sound, nothing beats the feeling of your parents being happy and proud of you for something you've accomplished.

Even after the house was completed, it was difficult for us to settle in. My grandmother died a week before we were supposed to move in. It made me extremely sad because she couldn't see the house. When she first heard the news, she was extremely happy. Our plans to move into the house were repeatedly postponed due to the ruthless corona virus, which claimed the lives of many of our immediate and non-immediate family members. Our enthusiasm waned as a result of this.

We finally moved into the house on the 23rd of last month, as they say, time heals everything. This was one of those moments and events that you imagine a thousand times in your head before it happens. I wanted to record and share this because it is a once-in-a-lifetime event for me. One thing that this whole experience and feeling has taught me is that some things may not be as important or as big a deal to the people around you, but if it's important to you, then keep it. Allow it to provide you with a sense of joy and pride. Finally, I'd like to express my gratitude to all of my friends and family for their continuous encouragement throughout this journey. You know who you are.
