---
title: "Sun signs!"
date: 2021-05-25
category: "Life"
pullquote: "If you really want to learn more about yourself, ask your friends about your personality traits."
---

A sun sign, also known as a zodiac sign, is a type of identity that people want to be associated with. A person's sun sign is determined by the date of birth, or, in scientific terms, by the position of the Sun at the time of birth. According to the date of your birth, there are 12 different sun signs.

The 12 **signs** are Aries, Taurus, Gemini, Cancer, Leo, Virgo, Libra, Scorpio, Sagittarius, Capricorn, Aquarius and Pisces.

> **"If you really want to learn more about yourself, ask your friends about your personality traits. You will get the answer, but you will not like it because it is the truth, not some sugarcoated lie from some random website."**

According to the majority of people who believe in them, the sun signs can be a determining factor of one's personality traits and can also be used for astrology to determine one's life purpose and destiny.

This blog is simply me expressing my thoughts on this widely accepted but highly dubious concept. This, in my opinion, is the biggest con that has ever existed and continues to exist. If the fact that I'm calling this a scam offends you, it's possible that it's just a personality trait of your sun sign.

Using highly generic adjectives that almost everyone on the planet can relate to is the key to defining personality traits based on zodiac sign. They use words like Energetic, Gullible, Friendly, Lonely, Courageous, Lively, Smart, Romantic, Kind, and so on. Now, if you pay attention, you'll notice that there's an adjective for everyone. Every type of person can identify with one or more of these adjectives, and then is led into believing that the zodiac traits are accurate.

You might be wondering why the concept of Sun signs is so popular if it makes no sense. The Sun sign scam, like any other, is a boon to many people. There are blog posts based solely on the concept of sun signs, newspaper columns that have been showing sun sign based horoscopes for years, and video creators whose content is solely based on the zodiac signs. This is the most effective way to say the same thing in 12 different ways. People who consume such content, in my opinion, do so in order to avoid taking responsibility for their actions. One example of this is - *'Oh you are so unnecessarily picky! Nooo..Its just how Libras are!.'* (For every Libra that's relating to this its a personality trait of a Virgo and not a Libra - I was trying to make a point here).

Making something highly generic and linking it to science according to convenience doesn't make it true. It actually makes it more dangerous. There are people out there who use the Zodiac horoscope as a tool to scam people left, right, and centre.

If you really want to learn more about yourself, ask your friends about your personality traits. You will get the answer, but you will not like it because it is the truth, not some sugarcoated lie from some random website.

Both attacks and compliments are welcome in the comments section. Feel free to say what's on your mind - just don't blame it on your zodiac sign.
