---
title: "Weekends(not)!"
date: 2023-08-13T10:00:00
category: "Life"
pullquote: "It feels surreal to ride an activa on the highway surrounded by hills. It feels as if the day has only just begun."
---

It's 7 a.m. on Monday. I can't recall the last time I woke up this early. On Sunday, I went to bed early and slept soundly for the first time in I don't know how long. It's a wonderful morning. I'm in great mood. I'm hungry and looking forward to making a delicious breakfast. I consider a variety of options before settling on a plain cheese Omelette and a good cup of tea. Cooking is something I enjoy doing. When I'm in a good mood, I enjoy it even more. I prefer to move slowly around the kitchen. Today I have the luxury of taking it slowly. The omelette came out perfectly - just the way I like it. I eat my breakfast and drink a cup of steaming hot tea while sitting near a window. It's a great start to the week. Everything seems so natural. It's been a long time since I've felt this way on a Monday. I am excited to begin my day!!

It's a lazy Wednesday afternoon. It's one of those days when you don't have any or very little office work to do. Working from home has the advantage of allowing you to make the most of such days. My friend and I have already spent half an hour trying to figure out what to have for lunch. Finally, we place an order for Mexican food. Last night, we had a delicious Mava cake. My friend recommends that I order it for lunch too. I also order the Mava cake. The food and dessert are delivered. Season 2 of Panchayat is released today. We eat our lunch and dessert while watching the wholesome Panchayat. The food was excellent. The mava cake tasted even better today. We're not in any hurry to get back to work after this leisurely afternoon. Before going back to a busy evening of client calls, we continue to watch Panchayat and be grateful for the simple pleasures of life.

It was a long day today. But a productive one. I'm hungry and it's already 9 p.m. My friend, who has just arrived from work, is waiting for me to finish so we can make dinner plans. We're not in the mood to cook or order anything. We decide to go out. I convince my friend and buy some time to shower quickly. I quickly get ready by taking a hot shower. I get all dressed up (pretty unusual for me). Today appears to be one of those days. We decide to eat at a highway-side Dhaba, which is not far from our house. At this hour of the night, the Pune highways are breezy and comforting. It feels surreal to ride an activa on the highway surrounded by hills. It feels as if the day has only just begun. When we get to the Dhaba, we order some delicious Punjabi food, followed by my favourite Banarasi Paan. We return home with a satisfied feeling. It was indeed a pleasant end to a Thursday.
